Mr. Gu, what happened today is my dereliction of duty.
I'm so sorry.
The project under review will be your responsibility later.
But I have already submitted my resignation application.
I'm afraid I can't be responsible for the follow-up. I refused.
Secretary
It's up to you in the future, hey
Just say the divorce agreement from lawyer Xu
Hello, when will you sign?
divorce
Wouldn't it be that the one-night stand with me was discovered?
So coincidentally, I just heard Mr. Gu say the divorce agreement
Zhao Tingchuan contacted me
I don't know, I thought they were alone
When will you sign it?
This seems to be a coincidence of Mr. Gu's personal mobile phone
OK
It can't be that coincidental
Hey grandpa, do you still have my grandpa in your eyes?
I heard you are getting a divorce.
Yunyang is such a girl
Why don't you know how to cherish it?
He proposed
I respect him, it's okay if you don't show up after receiving the certificate
I haven't returned to China once in recent years
People have been waiting for you for three years without complaint
Now you talk about respect
That would be irresponsible.
If you're a man, you should die looking for him
He's definitely not leaving
Ogawa, just listen to what you say and do
I'll think about it.